= Important Note

This is a fork of the devise-neo4j project, updated  to work with newer version of Neo4j.rb and Devise.

Most of the devise tests pass. You can see the few that do not in test/overrides . All but one of the failures seem to be very minor issues. The one oddity can be seen in RegistrationTest, which is testing validates_confirmation_of :password. It's unclear if this is a real bug (cannot replicate in a unit test or in an application ). 

Note on development: 
the devise test suite runs out of permgen quick on jruby. To fix this, I set JRUBY_OPTS to: 
-X+O -J-Xms1024m -J-Xmx2048m -J-XX:PermSize=256m -J-XX:MaxPermSize=512m

= devise-neo4j

A gem for Neo4j integration with the Devise authentication framework.

Neo4j: https://github.com/andreasronge/neo4j
Devise: https://github.com/plataformatec/devise

== Usage

=== Installation

Add the neo4j and devise-neo4j gems to your Gemfile:

  gem "neo4j", "~> 3.0.0.alpha.7"
  gem "devise-neo4j", git: 'git@github.com:cheerfulstoic/devise-neo4j.git'

Run the bundle install command:

  bundle install
  
Then run the devise install generator and optionally update or create a devise-neo4j model:

  rails g devise:install --orm=neo4j
  rails g neo4j:devise MODEL
  
Now the model is setup like a default devise model, meaning you can do things like adding a before_filter in a controller to restrict access to logged-in users only:

  before_filter :authenticate_<your model name>!

== Example App

You can see a very simple app that demonstrates Neo4j and devise here:

  gem install rails
  rails new myapp -m http://andreasronge.github.com/neo4j/neo4j.rb -O
  cd myapp
  add to your Gem File :
  gem 'devise'
  gem 'devise-neo4j', :git => 'git@github.com:cheerfulstoic/devise-neo4j.git'
  bundle
  rails generate devise:install --orm=neo4j

  # install the database unless you already have a neo4j database, or use JRuby Embedded Neo4j db
  rake neo4j:install[community-2.1.2] # check which one is the latest
  rake neo4j:start

  rails g neo4j:devise User
  # add to your config/routes.rb:
    devise_for :users
    root :to => "secrets#show"

  # generate a controller for the protected content
  rails g controller secrets show

  # in app/controllers/sercrets_controller.rb delete line get 'secrets/show' and add:
    before_filter :authenticate_user!

  # in app/views/secrets/show.html.erb: add:
    <p>Shhhh... this page is only visible to logged-in users!</p>

    <%= link_to "Log out", destroy_user_session_path, method: :delete  %>

  rails s

  # go to http://localhost:3000/users/sign_up
==

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Ben Jackson. See LICENSE for details.
